None of this is financial advice.
Once a week I journal my thoughts about the markets to be able to come back to them and review later.

Fri Apr 18 06:05:50 PM PDT 2025
Most of the week I've been hearing people on CNBC talk about buying the dip and holding for the long term. These 'long term investors' were nowhere to be found in 2023 and 2024. This tells me that people have bought the recent top and are now trapped.
I think we might get some more bad news, be it tariffs or firing of the Fed Chair Powell, which might shake out markets and force people to sell.
The sentiment is really bad:
	CBOE 04/17/25:
	SPX + SPXW PUT/CALL RATIO: 1.36
	Fear and Greed Index: 20.94 [extreme fear]
Looking at positioning, large speculators sold ES and bought NQ. I'd say that 'AI AI AI' and Nasdaq-100 are probably going nowhere until people sell the dip they bought.
Overall, I think the markets are bottoming, and it might take some time.
But, as usual, nobody knows, and the bottom (APR 8th) could be in.
Most of the actively managed 'smart' ETFs are in risk off mode and long treasuries, which is also a good contrarian indicator.
Based on sentiment and positioning here, I am looking to go long ES and Bitcoin futures.
The moment the markets stop going down on the bad news is the moment I am going to pull the trigger on the trade.

Fri Apr 25 04:06:49 PM PDT 2025
So, on Monday, we had bonds, stocks, dollar down again. Usually one of them is up.
Now, what's interesting is that, despite all the bad news and uncertainty, the market kept going up for the rest of the week.
The positioning from CFTC COT report shows that large speculators sold ES, but bought NQ. While small speculators, the worst of traders, sold both.
What's the most painful and scary trade right now?
I'd say it is to go long here among this uncertainty.
Another fade indicator, Vasily Oleynik (Dengi ne spyat show) says that the trade war will continue, and that we should not be buying anything here.
Well, I am going to long ES futures when they start trading on Sunday evening with the stop-loss being the low of APR 8th.
I like Vasily, but I like making money more.

Fri May  2 05:15:51 PM PDT 2025
Despite the continued tariffs uncertainty, the market continues to go up every day.
People do not think this is a sustainable rally, and there are now recession concerns, because of negative GDP print.
It seems like people are looking to short this market, and people are definitely underinvested and reduced their risk exposure.
Looking at CFTC COT report/positioning, both large and small speculators sold ES/NQ and reduced their risk.
Another idea I keep hearing is that we're going to trade in a range, which, to me, strongly suggests we won't, and instead we'll pump straight to new all-time highs.
I remain long MES futures, only 1 contract, APR 27th entry, because my stop loss level is too wide, almost 700 points from the APR 7th bottom at 4830.
You ride her until she bucks you, or you don't ride at all.

Fri May  9 01:28:42 PM PDT 2025
This whole week I've been hearing about this 'uncertainty' around tariffs and the economy, as if there is ever certainty in anything.
The market continues to slowly grind higher as large and small speculators continue to reduce their risk exposure.
People talk about 'taking some chips off the table' and about being cautious, which means you probably should not.
Overall, it feels like people do not believe in this rally, and they are waiting for a pullback to buy at cheaper prices.
But the market continues to run away from them, and it doesn't give them a big enough dip to buy.
Another interesting thing I've heard this week is this quote from a guest on CNBC: "To be bullish energy here is a tough call".
I am pretty sure long oil and long energy stocks would be a trade that will print money.
I remain long MES futures, positioning and sentiment tell me there is a good chance the markets are going higher.

Fri May 16 02:39:04 PM PDT 2025
Everybody talks about where to sell, nobody talks about where to buy, everybody is scared as the market continues to go up every day.
In my view, the most scary/painful trade, right now, is to get even more long and lever up.
Lots of 13F filings started coming in from the hedge 'smart money' funds, everybody seems to be selling, not much buying.
Nasdaq-100 is up 2% year to date and yet it feels like the market is down, doesn't it?
I don't see any euphoria and there are very few bulls out there.
As the market goes up, everybody keeps unloading because 'Liberation Day' tariffs damaged them psychologically and they are happy to close 'the American exceptionalism' trade at break even, or get short.
Commentators on CNBC question the sustainability of the rally, they think we might go to new all time highs, but then we 'crash', they think this rally is a trap.
I remain long MES futures, all and all, still looks like a bull market to me.

Fri May 23 04:39:08 PM PDT 2025
This week, we saw the first sell-off, triggered by a weak bond auction and, later in the week, additional tariff news.
The market tried to shrug off the bad news but ultimately closed slightly in the red on Friday, not a great tape.
Looking at positioning, both large and small speculators sold NQ and ES.
Overall, I can't be selling when everyone else is.
Besides, some volatile, high-beta names continue to show strength.
Positions remain unchanged.

Fri May 30 05:27:09 PM PDT 2025
Looking at positioning, both large and small speculators bought a little bit of NQ and ES.
It looks like people are no longer scared of the president and the tariffs.
This is not a good sign, because it means people will be getting more bullish/long.
However, most of the people are still on the sidelines, in the so-called 'wait and see' territory.
Positions remain unchanged, I remain long MES futures.

Fri Jun  6 03:04:20 PM PDT 2025
I continue to believe that the markets are going much higher from here.
Today ES closed above 6000, but looking at positioning, large and small speculators bought very little.
These 'hedge fund pure alpha smart money' people are not participating in this rally, and this market doesn't dip very much, and it doesn't give them a chance to buy.
Remember, these people charge you '2% and 20%' and underperform S&P 500, that's their business. Or, in other words, where are the customers' yachts?
They are sitting on the sidelines, in cash/t-bills, while the markets just did a V shape recovery and Nasdaq-100 is now up almost 4% YTD.
The way I see it, the path of least resistance is up.
Positions remain unchanged.

Fri Jun 13 01:29:03 PM PDT 2025
Given all the bad news and uncertainty, it is hard to hold any position in this market.
And to me, it looks like people are scared and underinvested, and large/small speculators positioning confirms that.
No new trades since APR trade, positions remain unchanged.
I will have to roll the JUN contract to SEP contract on Sunday evening open.
